Slight wording tweaks in constitution (#208)
nix-open-org/org-v2: doc/constitution.md

#### Special Elections

> In the event of resignations or other loss of steering committee members (including [removals for conduct](#removal-for-conduct)), the SC would have less than all 7 seats filled.

Reviewer: Changing from singular to plural in resignation, member and removal seems worse than before to me.

"Is this only meant for >1 or a single one, too?" This is clarified later, but no need to make it unclear in the first place.

Author: the case I am thinking of is something like:

1. After one member resigns, SC doesn't bother holding special elections
2. After second member resigns, SC holds special elections for both seats

The singular / edge-triggered wording makes it a bit unclear whether special elections are just for the most recently-vacated seat, or for all vacant seat.

When one or more seats are vacant, a special election may be held for those vacant seats.
Otherwise, the missing seats are assumed to be abstaining from all the SC votes.
A committee member elected in a special election will serve out the remainder of the term of the person they are replacing, regardless of the length of that remainder.

> A special election for vacant seats may be held if the SC deems it necessary, or the SC does not have half of the normal size.

Reviewer: This sentence is unclear (but it was before already). If the SC does not have half the normal size, *may* a special election be held or *must* it be? I think the latter is intended.

(possibly out of scope here)

Author: I think it is in scope if we want it to be :). My view matches yours: it *must* be held.

Here's a suggestion
```suggestion
When a seat a vacated, a special election might be planned.
If the majority of the seats are still filled, the SC decides whether or hold a special election for vacant seats.
If only minority of seats are still filled, either a special election or the dissolution of the entire SC (which is always something that may be voted on) must happen.
```

The SC is explicitly expected to be held to higher standards than applied to project communication in general.

The removal can be justification for a special election where the removed person is not eligible to be a candidate.

[special election]: #special-elections

> [initial election]: #special-elections

Reviewer: This seems wrong.
